README.md, before:

# NSFW AI Model Server

This repository is designed for hosting a local HTTP server to access state-of-the-art NSFW AI models created by [Skier](https://www.patreon.com/Skier). You will need to be a patron to get access to these models to be able to use them with this repository.

The code here is built to be both fast, easy to install, and extendable.

## Installation Instructions

1. Install Conda: You can download and install Conda from [here](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html). Follow the instructions based on your operating system.

2. Install the newest release from the [releases tab](https://github.com/skier233/nsfw_ai_model_server/releases) in this GitHub repository.

3. Unzip the contents of the release and place them where you want to run the server from.

4. Run the following command to create a new Conda environment:
    ```bash
    conda env create -f environment-{osname}.yml
    ```
    Replace `{osname}` with `windows` or `linux` based on your operating system.

5. Activate the Conda environment:
    ```bash
    conda activate ai_model_server
    ```

6. Start the server:
    ```bash
    python server.py
    ```
7. On the first time running the server, it will give you a link to a form to fill out and a code. Fill out that form with the provided code, license name, and your Patreon username.

8. You will receive a license file within 24 hours which you should put inside the `models` folder.

9. Run the server again:
    ```bash
    python server.py
    ```
10. To test the server, you can run the example client from the `example_client` folder.

Commit message:

add limitations option and additional model configs

README.md, after:

# NSFW AI Model Server

This repository is designed for hosting a local HTTP server to access state-of-the-art NSFW AI models created by [Skier](https://www.patreon.com/Skier). You will need to be a patron to get access to these models to be able to use them with this repository.

The code here is built to be both fast, easy to install, and extendable.

## Limitations

Before becoming a patron, please be aware of the following limitations:

- As per the license, this code and associated models can only be used for personal local uses. For any for-profit use-cases or use-cases that need to be on the internet, [please contact](https://discord.gg/EvYbZBf) me for licensing options.

- Only NVIDIA GPUs are supported. Any Nvidia GPUs older than NVIDIA1080 will likely not work. Support for AMD GPUs is not planned.

- Currently, only GPU is supported and running on CPU is not supported. CPU support is one of my priorities to include in the future but is not ready yet.

- The nature of running machine learning models is very complex and requires everything to go precisely right to work smoothly. I've worked to make the installation process and AI model predictions as easy to use as possible but please understand that due to many people on different computers with different graphics cards and many other factors, there is a possibility you will run into issues. I will be here to help as best as I can to work through any of those issues but I cannot guarantee that the models will be able to run on your computer.

## Installation Instructions

1. Install Conda: You can download and install Conda from [here](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html). Follow the instructions based on your operating system.

2. Install the newest release from the [releases tab](https://github.com/skier233/nsfw_ai_model_server/releases) in this GitHub repository.

3. Unzip the contents of the release and place them where you want to run the server from.

4. Run the following command to create a new Conda environment:
    ```bash
    conda env create -f environment-{osname}.yml
    ```
    Replace `{osname}` with `windows` or `linux` based on your operating system.

5. Activate the Conda environment:
    ```bash
    conda activate ai_model_server
    ```

6. Start the server:
    ```bash
    python server.py
    ```
7. On the first time running the server, it will give you a link to a form to fill out and a code. Fill out that form with the provided code, license name, and your Patreon username.

8. You will receive a license file within 24 hours which you should put inside the `models` folder.

9. Run the server again:
    ```bash
    python server.py
    ```
10. To test the server, you can run the example client from the `example_client` folder.
